c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe.config
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBill.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBill.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.baml
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.g.resources
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
c:\users\fakei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBill.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\prj\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.baml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.g.resources
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.dll
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.pdb
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBasket.g.cs
C:\Users\tgabo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBasket.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.dll
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.pdb
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBasket.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBasket.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.baml
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.g.resources
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Attila\Desktop\hed\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.dll
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.pdb
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBasket.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBasket.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.baml
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.g.resources
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\fakei\Desktop\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.dll
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.pdb
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\Ebedrendeles_adatbazis.dll.config
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBasket.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucAlaC.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucBasket.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucLogin.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenu.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucMenuFood.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOptions.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucOrders.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucRegistration.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucStatistic.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\UserControls\ucUsers.baml
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.g.resources
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.exe
C:\Users\mate\Desktop\Beadando\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles\Ebedrendeles_WPF\obj\Debug\Ebedrendeles_WPF.pdb
